HOW TO USE

1) Download the repository as a ZIP file and extract it somewhere.
2) Open Forge's "res" folder. It should be in the folder your EXE file is in.
3) Open the extracted repository.
4) Go to the "Sets" folder and from there open the folder of the set you want to import.
5) Create a folder of that set in the "res/cardsfolder" folder, for example "SVG" for Svergard's cards.
6) Move all cards from the repository's "Cards (.txt)" folder to the folder you just made.
7) Move all cards from the repository's "Tokens (.txt)" folder to "res/tokenscripts".
8) Do the above for all the sets you want to import. (Starting with 4. You don't need to redownload the whole thing.)

QUESTIONS THAT WILL LIKELY BE ASKED

Q: A card made Forge crash! What should I do?
A: Made sure you put the token scripts in the right place. If the card doesn't use tokens, however...

Q: ...Then?
A: You can create an issue on the repository's Git page. I will try to fix that as soon as possible.

Q: A card doesn't work properly, what should I do?
A: Same as above, create an issue for it and I'll take a look when I can.

Q: Why are so many cards missing?
A: Scripting cards is a time-consuming, often arduous process. For that reason I mostly add cards that see play in the format. If you want to play with a deck of the cards, you will find some in the "Decks" folder.

Q: How to add a deck to my collection?
A: Open Forge, go to Preferences and choose "Open User Directory". Go to "decks", then "constructed", then choose the decks you want to play with and put them in there.

Q: The cards work, but the images aren't here. Where can I get them?
A: To reduce the size of the file you need to download, images were removed from the repository. You can use Cajun's forgeLoad in the link below to download them — follow the instructions there. If you're using mobile, you probably don't need the images.

Q: I downloaded the images, where do I put them?
A: Open Forge, go to Preferences and choose "Open Content Directory". Go to "pics", and then for each set create a folder whose name is that set's code ("SVG" for Svergard, for example) and paste all card images there.

Q: For some of the cards the pictures aren't loading. Why?
A: Some cardnames coincide with the canon ones and therefore had to have an asterisk appended at the end. Check if it's one of the cards — Dark Bargain will probably be the one you're looking for :P — and change its filename from "CARDNAME.full.jpg" to "CARDNAME*.full.jpg".

LINKS

Cajun's forgeLoad: https://github.com/CajunAvenger/forgeLoad
FLAREdirector's MSEM2 database: https://github.com/FLAREdirector-mse/MSE-Forge-Database
